Pan os apply security profile issue (#28405)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_17_16.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fix the `argument of type 'NoneType' is not iterable` issue for the command **pan-os-apply-security-profile** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the command **pan-os-apply-security-profile** where it failed with the error `argument of type 'NoneType' is not iterable` when no profile types were found.
```
